List of set debug subcommands:

set debug arch -- Set architecture debugging.
set debug auto-load -- Set auto-load verifications debugging.
set debug bfd-cache -- Set bfd cache debugging.
set debug check-physname -- Set cross-checking of "physname" code against demangler.
set debug coff-pe-read -- Set coff PE read debugging.
set debug compile -- Set compile command debugging.
set debug compile-cplus-scopes -- Set debugging of C++ compile scopes.
set debug compile-cplus-types -- Set debugging of C++ compile type conversion.
set debug darwin -- Set if printing inferior communication debugging statements.
set debug displaced -- Set displaced stepping debugging.
set debug dwarf-die -- Set debugging of the DWARF DIE reader.
set debug dwarf-line -- Set debugging of the dwarf line reader.
set debug dwarf-read -- Set debugging of the DWARF reader.
set debug entry-values -- Set entry values and tail call frames debugging.
set debug expression -- Set expression debugging.
set debug frame -- Set frame debugging.
set debug index-cache -- Set display of index-cache debug messages.
set debug infrun -- Set inferior debugging.
set debug jit -- Set JIT debugging.
set debug mach-o -- Set if printing Mach-O symbols processing.
set debug notification -- Set debugging of async remote notification.
set debug observer -- Set observer debugging.
set debug overload -- Set debugging of C++ overloading.
set debug parser -- Set parser debugging.
set debug py-unwind -- Set Python unwinder debugging.
set debug record -- Set debugging of record/replay feature.
set debug remote -- Set debugging of remote protocol.
set debug remote-packet-max-chars -- Set the maximum number of characters to display for each remote packet.
set debug separate-debug-file -- Set printing of separate debug info file search debug.
set debug serial -- Set serial debugging.
set debug skip -- Set whether to print the debug output about skipping files and functions.
set debug symbol-lookup -- Set debugging of symbol lookup.
set debug symfile -- Set debugging of the symfile functions.
set debug symtab-create -- Set debugging of symbol table creation.
set debug target -- Set target debugging.
set debug timestamp -- Set timestamping of debugging messages.
set debug varobj -- Set varobj debugging.
set debug xml -- Set XML parser debugging.

Type "help set debug" followed by set debug subcommand name for full documentation.
Type "apropos word" to search for commands related to "word".
Type "apropos -v word" for full documentation of commands related to "word".
Command name abbreviations are allowed if unambiguous.
Starting program: /Users/Mine/CS301/main 
